Add mode parameter to intent_script (#29401)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/intent_script.markdown

      required: false
      default: false
      type: boolean
    script_mode:

>       description: The [script mode](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/script/#script-modes) in which to run the intent script. Use this to set the desired behavior if the intent should be able to run multiple times in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: The [script mode](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/script/#script-modes) in which to run the intent script. Use this to define if the intent should be able to run multiple times in parallel.
```
